
Dear Coherent Customer:

You can download Coherent's ErgoAI Reasoner from this link:

      ......


SECURITY
========

Before installing any software downloaded from the Internet, it is
generally advisable to verify its cryptographic checksum or some other kind
of certificate. This will ensure that your download was not corrupted in
the process and that the Web site from which you downloaded it was not
hacked.

At Coherent, we take security seriously and therefore we provide you with
the SHA256 checksum that your download is supposed to have.  If you would
like to verify the integrity of the download of ergoAI.run, take one or
both of the following steps.


HOW TO VERIFY THE CHECKSUM OF ergoAI.run  (optional)
=======================================================

Download this file:

   ergoAI.run.sha256.sum

into the same folder where you placed ergoAI.run
This file contains the SHA256 checksum of your ErgoAI download.

Then open a terminal window, change to the aforesaid folder, and run this
command:

    shasum -c ergoAI.run.sha256.sum

You should see:

    eroAI.run: OK

The shasum command is available both in Linux and Mac OS X.


FOR EVEN MORE SECURITY (optional)
=================================

If you are concerned whether the checksum in ergoAI.run.sha256.sum was
really generated by us, download this file:

    ergoAI.run.sha256.sig

It is the same as ergoAI.run.sha256.sum but it is signed by Coherent
Knowledge Systems using Coherent's secret key for Gnu Privacy Guard (GPG).
For that, you need GPG installed and you also need to download our GPG
public key from public keyservers such as

    http://pgp.mit.edu/
    http://keyserver.ubuntu.com/

and others. To install GPG, use your package manager in Linux and Homebrew
on the Mac.

To find Coherent's GPG public key on that server, search for "Coherent
Knowledge Systems" in the provided search field.

Next import this key using this command (assuming that you placed the
Coherent's public key in the file CoherentPublic.asc in the same folder as
the other two files):

    gpg --import CoherentPublic.asc

Downloading our key and its import needs to be done only once: next time
you download Ergo, you can skip the above.

Now, you are ready to verify that the checksum was really created by us:

    gpg --default-key "Coherent Knowledge" --verify ergoAI.run.sha256.sig ergoAI.run.sha256.sum

You should see something like this:

    gpg: Signature made ..... using RSA key ID 12650718
    gpg: Good signature from "Coherent Knowledge Systems, LLC ....."

